added unit test details for resource modules (#65891)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/network/dev_guide/developing_resource_modules_network.rst

   self.get_config = self.mock_get_config.start()

   self.mock_load_config = patch('ansible.module_utils.network.common.network.Config.load_config')
   self.load_config = self.mock_load_config.start()

   self.mock_get_resource_connection_config = patch('ansible.module_utils.network.common.cfg.base.get_resource_connection')
   self.get_resource_connection_config = self.mock_get_resource_connection_config.start()

   self.mock_get_resource_connection_facts = patch('ansible.module_utils.network.common.facts.facts.get_resource_connection')
   self.get_resource_connection_facts = self.mock_get_resource_connection_facts.start()

   self.mock_edit_config = patch('ansible.module_utils.network.eos.providers.providers.CliProvider.edit_config')
   self.edit_config = self.mock_edit_config.start()

   self.mock_execute_show_command = patch('ansible.module_utils.network.eos.facts.l2_interfaces.l2_interfaces.L2_interfacesFacts.get_device_data')
   self.execute_show_command = self.mock_execute_show_command.start()

The facts file of the module now includes a new method, ``get_device_data``. Call ``get_device_data`` here to emulate the device output.

> Mocking out device data

Reviewer: I found this confusing on a first read, because I wasn't sure whether "mocking out device data" meant "adding fake device data for testing purposes" or "removing device data for testing purposes". Since we use "mocking X" without the "out" above, let's use the verb that way throughout.

```suggestion
Mocking device data
```

-----------------------

> To mock out fetching results from devices or provide other complex datastructures that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mock fetching results from devices or provide other complex data structures that
```
